---
layout: "ecl"
page_title: "Enterprise Cloud: ecl_compute_keypair_v2"
sidebar_current: "docs-ecl-resource-compute-keypair-v2"
description: |-
  Manages a V2 keypair resource within Enterprise Cloud.
---

# ecl\_compute\_keypair\_v2

Manages a V2 keypair resource within Enterprise Cloud.

~> **Important Security Notice** The private key generated by this resource will
be stored *unencrypted* in your Terraform state file. **Use of this resource
for production deployments is *not* recommended**. Instead, generate
a private key file outside of Terraform and distribute it securely
to the system where Terraform will be run.

## Example Usage

### Import an Existing Public Key

```hcl
resource "ecl_compute_keypair_v2" "test-keypair" {
  name       = "my-keypair"
  public_key = "ssh-rsa AAAAB3NzaC1yc2EAAAADAQABAAABAQDAjpC1hwiOCCmKEWxJ4qzTTsJbKzndLotBCz5PcwtUnflmU+gHJtWMZKpuEGVi29h0A/+ydKek1O18k10Ff+4tyFjiHDQAnOfgWf7+b1yK+qDip3X1C0UPMbwHlTfSGWLGZqd9LvEFx9k3h/M+VtMvwR1lJ9LUyTAImnNjWG7TaIPmui30HvM2UiFEmqkr4ijq45MyX2+fLIePLRIF61p4whjHAQYufqyno3BS48icQb4p6iVEZPo4AE2o9oIyQvj2mx4dk5Y8CgSETOZTYDOR3rU2fZTRDRgPJDH9FWvQjF5tA0p3d9CoWWd2s6GKKbfoUIi8R/Db1BSPJwkqB"
}
```

### Generate a Public/Private Key Pair

```hcl
resource "ecl_compute_keypair_v2" "test-keypair" {
  name = "my-keypair"
}
```

## Argument Reference

The following arguments are supported:

* `region` - (Optional, Deprecated) The region in which to obtain the V2 Compute client.
    Keypairs are associated with accounts, but a Compute client is needed to
    create one. If omitted, the `region` argument of the provider is used.
    Changing this creates a new keypair.

* `name` - (Required) A unique name for the keypair. Changing this creates a new
    keypair.

* `public_key` - (Optional) A pre-generated OpenSSH-formatted public key.
    Changing this creates a new keypair. If a public key is not specified, then
    a public/private key pair will be automatically generated. If a pair is
    created, then destroying this resource means you will lose access to that
    keypair forever.

## Attributes Reference

The following attributes are exported:

* `region` - See Argument Reference above.
* `public_key` - See Argument Reference above.
* `private_key` - The generated private key when no public key is specified.
* `fingerprint` - The fingerprint of the public key.

## Import

Keypairs can be imported using the `name`, e.g.

```
$ terraform import ecl_compute_keypair_v2.my-keypair test-keypair
```
